                             GFXFX Vector Object
                                File Format


 -= Header =-

 The GVO header consists of 5 bytes. The first 3 bytes are the letters
 'GVO', and the second 2 bytes are a word which tells what data is in the
 file. The breakdown of the flag word is as follows:


    Bit 0: If set, vertex information is in the data file, otherwise no
           vertex information is contained
    Bit 1: If set, polygon definitions are in the data file
    Bit 2: If set, polygon normals are in the data file
    Bit 3: If set, vertex normals are in the data file
    Bit 4: Texture coordinate information is in the file


 -= Vertex Information =-

 The vertex information consists of 1 word, then N signed integers.
 The first word is the number of vertices in the object. The rest of this
 field is made up of NumVerticies vertex points. Each vertex is stored as 3
 signed 16-bit integers. Here is the Pascal structure for a vertex:

   Vertex3d = Record
     x, y, z : Integer;
   End;




 -= Polygon Information =-

 The polygon information consists of 1 word the N integers. The first word
 tells you how many polygons are in the block. After the NumPolygons word,
 the polygon data is left. Each polygon consists of three 16-bit integers
 which are indices into the vertex list. Each polygon is a triangle, therefore
 only has 3 sides. There are NumPolygons triangles in the file.


 -= Polygon Normal Information =-

   There are (Number of polygons in object) normals in this section. This
   number is the same (and is gotten from) the polygon information. The
   coordinates of the face normals are stored in the exact same manor as
   the vertex information, 3 signed 2 byte integers. The Normals are stored
   in fixed point (the value of the fixed point is specified at conversion
   time).


 -= Vertex Normal Information =-

   There are (Number of vertices in object) normals in this section. This 
   number is the same (and is gotten from) the vertex information. The
   coordinates of the vertex normals are stored in the exact same manor as
   the vertex information, 3 signed 2 byte integers. The Normals are stored
   in fixed point (the value of the fixed point is specified at conversion
   time).


 -= Texture Vertex Information =-

   Has 1 to (Number of Polygons) texture polygon definitions. Each texture
   polygon definition is 3 UV coords. Each UV coord is 2 bytes, containing
   the x and y location in the  texture. Supports up to 256x256 texture
   bitmap (because of byte sized indices).


 -= Notes =-

   The data in the file is stored sequentially, as stated in the Flag byte.
   First is vertex information, then polygon information. Next are normals
   then texture coord information. The lengths of sections are not included in
   the data file because they can be _easily_ calculated from the first
   couple of bytes.


